Remote Control Multiple Modules - Fall 2019 documentation (#136)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Other SDL Features/Remote Control Vehicle Features/index.md

| Fan Speed Setting | fanSpeed | 0%-100% | Get/Set/Notification |  | Since v4.5 |
| Ventilation Mode Setting | ventilationMode | upper, lower, both, none | Get/Set/Notification |  | Since v4.5 |
| Heated Steering Wheel Enabled | heatedSteeringWheelEnable | on, off | Get/Set/Notification | | Since v5.0 |
| Heated Windshield Enabled | heatedWindshieldEnable | on, off | Get/Set/Notification | | Since v5.0 |
| Heated Rear Window Enabled | heatedRearWindowEnable | on, off | Get/Set/Notification | | Since v5.0 |
| Heated Mirrors Enabled | heatedMirrorsEnable | on, off | Get/Set/Notification | | Since v5.0 |

#### Radio

| Control Item | RPC Item Name | Value Range | Type | Comments | RPC Version Changes |
| --------------- | ------------ | ------------ | ------------ | ------------ | ------------ |
| Radio Enabled | radioEnable | true,false  | Get/Set/Notification | Read only, all other radio control items need radio enabled to work | Since v4.5 |
| Radio Band | band | AM,FM,XM  | Get/Set/Notification | | Since v4.5 |
| Radio Frequency | frequencyInteger / frequencyFraction | 0-1710, 0-9 | Get/Set/Notification | Value range depends on band | Since v4.5 |

> | Radio RDS Data | rdsData | RdsData struct | Get/Notification | Read only | Since v4.5 |

Reviewer: This is describing the type of data it holds, I don't think it makes sense in the context of the rest of the table's values for this column.

> | Radio RDS Data | rdsData | RdsData struct | Get/Notification | Read only | Since v4.5 |

Reviewer: Done

| Available HD Channels | availableHdChannels | Array size 0-8, values 0-7 | Get/Notification | Read only | Since v6.0, replaces availableHDs |
| Available HD Channels (DEPRECATED) | availableHDs | 1-7 (Deprecated in v.6.0) (1-3 before v.5.0) | Get/Notification | Read only | Since v4.5, updated in v5.0, deprecated in v6.0 |
| Current HD Channel | hdChannel | 0-7 (1-3 before v.5.0) (1-7 between v.5.0-6.0) | Get/Set/Notification |  | Since v4.5, updated in v5.0, updated in v6.0 |
| Radio Signal Strength | signalStrength | 0-100% | Get/Notification | Read only | Since v4.5 |
| Signal Change Threshold | signalStrengthThreshold | 0-100% | Get/Notification | read only | Since v4.5 |
| Radio State | state | Acquiring, acquired, multicast, not_found | Get/Notification | Read only | Since v4.5 |
| SIS Data | sisData | See SisData struct | Get/Notification | Read only | Since v5.0 |

> #### Seat

Reviewer: Done

> #### Seat

Reviewer: Weird. I must not have saved it correctly.

### Getting Remote Control Module Information
Prior to using any remote control RPCs, you must check that the head unit has the remote control capability. As you will encounter head units that do *not* support remote control, or head units that do not give your application permission to read and write remote control data, this check is important.

When connected to head units supporting RPC v6.0+, you should save this information for future use. The `moduleId` contained within the `moduleInfo` struct on each capability is necessary to control that module.

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
[self.sdlManager.systemCapabilityManager subscribeToCapabilityType:SDLSystemCapabilityTypeRemoteControl withBlock:^(SDLSystemCapability * _Nonnull capability) {
    if(!capability.remoteControlCapability) { return; }
    <#Save remote control capabilities#>
}];
```

##### Swift
```swift
sdlManager.systemCapabilityManager.subscribe(toCapabilityType: .remoteControl, with: { capability in
    guard capability.remoteControlCapability != nil else { return }
    <#Save remote control capabilities#>
})

```
!@

@![java,javaEE,javaSE]
```java
// ToDo - Add example
```
!@

> #### Getting Module Data Location and Service Areas (RPC v6.0+)

Reviewer 2: We can link to the header for **Setting the User's Seat** according to the SDL markdown spec (https://github.com/smartdevicelink/sdl_markdown_spec#header-anchor)

[Setting the User's Seat](#-setting-the-user's-seat)

Reviewer: I'll give it a shot

## Integration
For remote control to work, the head unit must support SDL Core v.4.4 or newer. Also your app's @![iOS]`appType`!@ @![android, javaSE, javaEE]`appHMIType`!@ must be set to `REMOTE_CONTROL`.

> ### Pre Core v6.0

Reviewer: Change this section to a note stating "When connected to pre-Core 6.0 systems only the main module of a module type can be controlled. The modules you may control will depend on the OEM."

Please spell-check before submitting updates as well.

Author: changed

## Integration
For remote control to work, the head unit must support SDL Core v.4.4 or newer. Also your app's @![iOS]`appType`!@ @![android, javaSE, javaEE]`appHMIType`!@ must be set to `REMOTE_CONTROL`.

!!! Note
When connected to pre-Core 6.0 systems only the main module of a module type can be controlled. The modules you may control will depend on the OEM.
!!!

> ### Core v6.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Core v6.0+ Multiple Modules
```

> Starting in SDL Core v6.0 multiple modules can exist for each module type. Since many modules can exist for each module type you should provide the `moduleID` to tell the HMI the specific module you wish to control. A new struct `moduleInfo` was created to give developers the information they need to control a specific module. The `moduleInfo` is a struct on the `XYZControlCapabilities` objects. When sending remote control RPCs to a v6.0+ SDL Core, the `moduleID` should be provided to control the desired module. If no `moduleID` is set, the HMI will use the default module of that module type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in SDL Core v6.0 multiple modules can exist for each module type. Since many modules can exist for each module type you should provide the `moduleId` to tell the HMI the specific module you wish to control. A new struct `moduleInfo` was created to give developers the information they need to control a specific module. The `moduleInfo` is a struct on the `XYZControlCapabilities` objects. When sending remote control RPCs to a v6.0+ SDL Core, the `moduleId` should be provided to control the desired module. If no `moduleId` is set, the HMI will use the default module of that module type. When connected to pre-6.0 systems, the `moduleInfo` struct will be !@[iOS]`nil`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`null`!@.
```

### Setting Your Seat
The first step and before sending any set module data RPCs you should have the user select their seat. Seat location may affect the modules a user can control depending on the OEMs rules. The default seat location is `Driver`. Seat location can be updated by setting the `userLocation` property in `SDLSetGlobalProperties` and then sending a `SDLSetGlobalProperties` RPC.

In a real-life scenario, you may wish to show the user a map or list of all available seats. This example is only meant to show you how to access the data not build your UI/UX. An array of seats can be found in the `SDLGetSystemCapabilityResponse`s `seatLocationCapability`s `seat` array. Each `SeatLocation` object within the `seats` array will have a `grid` struct. This struct will tell you the seat placement of that particular seat. This information can be very useful for creating a map/list for users to select from. 

> The `grid` system starts with the driver seat being (0,0,0). A `grid` of `col`=0, `row`=0 and `level`=0 would be referring to the drivers' location. A `col`=2, `row`=0 and `level`=0 would be referring to the front right passenger location, assuming the car has 3 columns. A negative `col` or `row` means it is outside the vehicle. The `colspan` and `rowspan` properties tell you how many rows and columns that module or seat takes up.

Author: I will fix to say the top left corner is 0.0.0 and then say for example in the U.S

![Car](assets/Car.png)

| col=-1, row=-1  | col=0 | col=1 | col=2 |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| row=0 | driver's seat: {col=0, row=0, level=0, colspan=1, rowspan=1, levelspan=1} |   | front passenger's seat : {col=2, row=0, level=0, colspan=1, rowspan=1, levelspan=1}|
| row=1 | rear-left seat : {col=0, row=1, level=0, colspan=1, rowspan=1, levelspan=1}| rear-middle seat :  {col=1, row=1, level=0, colspan=1, rowspan=1, levelspan=1} | rear-right seat : {col=2, row=1, level=0, colspan=1, rowspan=1, levelspan=1} |

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc

> SDLGetSystemCapability *getSeatLocationCapability = [[SDLGetSystemCapability alloc] initWithType: SDLSystemCapabilityTypeSeatLocation];

Author: updated

    if (!response.success) { return; }
    SDLGetSystemCapabilityResponse *res = (SDLGetSystemCapabilityResponse *)response;
    
    NSArray<SDLSeatLocation *> *seats = res.systemCapability.seatLocationCapability.seats;
    <#Save seats array#>
}];
```
##### Swift
```swift
let getSeatLocationCapability = SDLGetSystemCapability(type: .seatLocation)
self.sdlManager.send(request: getSeatLocationCapability) { (request, response, error) in
    guard let res = response as? SDLGetSystemCapabilityResponse, let seats = res.systemCapability.seatLocationCapability?.seats else { return }
    <#Save seats array#>
}
```
!@

When the user selects their seat you should send an `SDLSetGlobalProperties` RPC and set the `userLocation` property. 

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
SDLSetGlobalProperties *seatLocation = [[SDLSetGlobalProperties alloc] init];
seatLocation.userLocation = <#Selected Seat#>;
[self.sdlManager sendRPC:seatLocation];
```
##### Swift
```swift
let seatLocation = SDLSetGlobalProperties()
seatLocation.userLocation = <#Selected Seat#>;
self.sdlManager.send(seatLocation)
```
!@

### Getting Remote Control Modules

> If the vehicle supports multiple modules of a module type you will have to pass in the `moduleID` along with the module type to control that module. To get a list of all modules you can check the `SDLGetSystemCapabilityResponse`s `remoteControlCapability` object. The `moduleID` is contained within `moduleInfo` in the remote control capability module. 

Author: Passing in the moduleID? i dont think will work on core less then 6.0

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
SDLGetSystemCapability *remoteControl = [[SDLGetSystemCapability alloc] initWithType: SDLSystemCapabilityTypeRemoteControl];
[self.sdlManager sendRequest:remoteControl withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if (!response.success) { return; }
    SDLRemoteControlCapabilities *remoteCapabilities = ((SDLGetSystemCapabilityResponse *)response).systemCapability.remoteControlCapability;
    <#Save Remote Capabilities#>
}];
```
##### Swift
```swift
let getRemoteCapability = SDLGetSystemCapability(type: .remoteControl)
self.sdlManager.send(request: getRemoteCapability) { (request, response, error) in
    guard let res =  response as? SDLGetSystemCapabilityResponse, let radioCapabilities = res.systemCapability.remoteControlCapability else { return }
    <#Save Remote Capabilities#>
}
```
!@

> With the saved remote capabilities struct you can build a UI/UX to display modules to the user. When the user selects the module you can send remote control RPCs using the `moduleInfo`s `moduleId` property. 

Author: They wont be able to use multiple modules on < 6.0.

> With the saved remote capabilities struct you can build a UI/UX to display modules to the user. When the user selects the module you can send remote control RPCs using the `moduleInfo`s `moduleId` property. 

Author: in less they 6.0 they only need to use `moduleType` this section is only for Core 6.0+

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
NSString *selectedModuleID = <#SelectedModule#>.moduleInfo.moduleID;
```
##### Swift
```swift
let selectedModuleID = <#SelectedModule#>.moduleInfo?.moduleId
```
!@

### Get Consent

> Some OEMs may wish to ask the driver for consent before a user can control a module. This is typically done automatically by the HMI depending on the configuration. However, the `SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent` RPC will alert the driver for consent in some OEMs if the module if not free and `allowMultipleAccess` is true. `allowMultipleAccess` is part of the `moduleInfo` in the module object.

Author: yes 6.0+ only will add to docs

    if (!response.success) { return; }
    <#Allowed is an arry of true or false values#>
}];
```
##### Swift
```swift
self.sdlManager?.send(request: SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent(moduleType: "<#ModuleType#>", moduleIds: ["<#ModuleID#>","<#ModuleID#>","<#ModuleID#>"]), responseHandler: { (request, response, error) in
    guard let res = response as? SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsentResponse else { return }
    let allowed = res.allowed as! [NSNumber]
    <#Allowed is an arry of true or false values#>
})
```
!@

### Getting Data
Seat location does not effect the ability to obtain information about a module. However, to set module data, seat location is taken into account. Once you know you have permission to use the remote control feature and you have the moudleID(s), you can retrieve the data for any module. The following code is an example of how to get data from a radio module. The example also subscribes to updates to radio data, which will be discussed later on in this guide.

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C

> ###### No ModuleID

Author: Yes pre 6.0

```
!@

> ### Controlling Module(s)

Author: moved

> Starting in SDL Core v6.0 multiple modules can exist for each module type. Since many modules can exist for each module type you should provide the `moduleID` to tell the HMI the specific module you wish to control. A new struct `moduleInfo` was created to give developers the information they need to control a specific module. The `moduleInfo` is a struct on the `XYZControlCapabilities` objects. When sending remote control RPCs to a v6.0+ SDL Core, the `moduleID` should be provided to control the desired module. If no `moduleID` is set, the HMI will use the default module of that module type.

Author: the information pre 6.0 seems small but i added a minor section to describe pre 6.0

In a real-life scenario, you may wish to show the user a map or list of all available seats in order to ask them where they are located. This example is only meant to show you how to access the available data, and not how to build your UI/UX. 

An array of seats can be found in the `seatLocationCapability`s `seat` array. Each `SeatLocation` object within the `seats` array will have a `grid` struct. This struct will tell you the seat placement of that particular seat. This information can be very useful for creating a map or list for users to select from.

The `grid` system starts with the top left seat being (0,0,0).  For example, assuming a United States vehicle, a `grid` of `col`=0, `row`=0 and `level`=0 would be the drivers' seat. A `col`=2, `row`=0 and `level`=0 would be referring to the front right passenger location, assuming the car has 3 columns. A negative `col` or `row` means it is outside the vehicle. The `colspan` and `rowspan` properties tell you how many rows and columns that module or seat takes up.

![Car](assets/Car.png)

> | col=-1, row=-1  | col=0 | col=1 | col=2 |

Author: this is showing the example taken directly from the proposal. It shows the location of each seat in the car in grid form.

> | col=-1, row=-1  | col=0 | col=1 | col=2 |

Author: removed

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
SDLSetGlobalProperties *seatLocation = [[SDLSetGlobalProperties alloc] init];
seatLocation.userLocation = <#Selected Seat#>;
[self.sdlManager sendRequest:seatLocation withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if(!response.success) { return; }
    <#Seat Data Updated#>
}];
```

##### Swift
```swift
let seatLocation = SDLSetGlobalProperties()
seatLocation.userLocation = <#Selected Seat#>;
sdlManager.send(request: setData, responseHandler: { (request, response, error) in
    guard response?.success.boolValue == true else { return }
    <#Seat Data Updated#>
})
```
!@

### Getting Remote Control Modules
If the vehicle supports multiple modules of a module type you will have to pass in the `moduleID` along with the module type to control that module. To get a list of all modules you can check the `SDLGetSystemCapabilityResponse.remoteControlCapability` object. The `moduleID` is contained within `moduleInfo` in the remote control capability module.

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc

> SDLGetSystemCapability *remoteControl = [[SDLGetSystemCapability alloc] initWithType: SDLSystemCapabilityTypeRemoteControl];

Author: fixed

[self.sdlManager sendRequest:remoteControl withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if (!response.success) { return; }
    SDLRemoteControlCapabilities *remoteCapabilities = ((SDLGetSystemCapabilityResponse *)response).systemCapability.remoteControlCapability;
    <#Save Remote Capabilities#>
}];
```
##### Swift
```swift

> sdlManager.systemCapabilityManager.subscribe(toCapabilityType: .seatLocation, with: { capability in

Author: youre right fixed

    guard let seats = capability.seatLocationCapability?.seats else { return }
    <#Save Remote Capabilities#>
})
```
!@

With the saved remote capabilities struct you can build a UI/UX to display modules to the user. When the user selects the module you can send remote control RPCs using the `moduleInfo`s `moduleId` property. 

!!! Note
`ModuleID` is only required for Core v6.0+.  Examples will be shown later in the documentation on how to use `moduleID`.
!!!

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
NSString *selectedModuleID = <#SelectedModule#>.moduleInfo.moduleID;
```

##### Swift
```swift
let selectedModuleID = <#SelectedModule#>.moduleInfo?.moduleId
```
!@

### Get Consent

> This feature is only available for Core v6.0+. Some OEMs may wish to ask the driver for consent before a user can control a module. This is typically done automatically by the HMI depending on the configuration. However, the `SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent` RPC will alert the driver for consent in some OEMs if the module if not free "being used by another user"  and `allowMultipleAccess` "multiple users can access/set the data at the same time" is true. `allowMultipleAccess` is part of the `moduleInfo` in the module object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is only available for Core v6.0+. Some OEMs may wish to ask the driver for consent before a user can control a module. The `SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent` RPC will alert the driver for consent in some OEM head units if the module if not free (another user has control) and `allowMultipleAccess` (multiple users can access/set the data at the same time) is `true`. `allowMultipleAccess` is part of the `moduleInfo` in the module object.
```

Also are you sure this is true? Why would it be if it's not free **and** `allowMultipleAccess` is true? If `allowMultipleAccess` is `true`, in my mind, what does it matter if it's not free? Are you sure it's not "if it's not free and `allowMultipleAccess` is **`false`**?

Check the `allowed` property in the `SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsentResponse` to see what modules can be controlled. Note the order of the `allowed` array is 1-1 with the `moduleIDs` array you passed into the `SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent` RPC.

!!! Note
You should always try to get consent before setting any module data. If consent is not granted you should not attempt to set any module's data.
!!!

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc

> [self.sdlManager sendRequest:[[SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent alloc] initWithModuleType:@"<#ModuleType#>" moduleIds:@[@"<#ModuleID#>",@"<#ModuleID#>",@"<#ModuleID#>"]] withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {

Reviewer: Create a variable of the RPC, don't pass it directly into `sendRequest`. Please fit with other documentation.

Author: fixed!

    if (!response.success) { return; }
    <#Allowed is an arry of true or false values#>
}];
```
##### Swift
```swift

> sdlManager.send(request: SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent(moduleType: "<#ModuleType#>", moduleIds: ["<#ModuleID#>","<#ModuleID#>","<#ModuleID#>"]), responseHandler: { (request, response, error) in

Reviewer: Same as above

Author: fixed!

    guard let res = response as? SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsentResponse else { return }
    let allowed = res.allowed as! [NSNumber]
    <#Allowed is an arry of true or false values#>
})
```
!@

> ### Getting Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Getting Module Data
```

> Seat location does not affect the ability to obtain information about a module. However, to set module data, seat location is taken into account. Once you know you have permission to use the remote control feature and you have the moudleID(s), you can retrieve the data for any module. The following code is an example of how to get data from a radio module. The example also subscribes to updates to radio data, which will be discussed later on in this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seat location does not affect the ability to get data from a module. However, to set module data, seat location will be taken into account. Once you know you have permission to use the remote control feature and you have the `moduleID`(s) (when connected to 6.0+ systems), you can retrieve the data for any module. The following code is an example of how to get data from a radio module. The example also subscribes to updates to radio data, which will be discussed later on in this guide.

When connected to < 6.0 head units, there can only be one module for each module type (e.g. there can only be one climate module, light module, radio module, etc.), so you will not need to pass a module ID.
```

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C

> ###### Pre Core v6.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Pre-Core v6.0
```

```
!@

### Setting The User's Seat

!!! NOTE
This section only applies when connected to SDL 6.0+ head units
!!!

> The first step before attempting to set any module is to have the user select their seat. Seat location may affect which modules the user is permitted to control depending on the OEMs rules. The default seat location is `Driver`. Seat location can be updated by setting the `userLocation` property in the `SDLSetGlobalProperties` RPC and sending it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step before attempting to set any module data is to have the user select their seat location. Seat location may affect which modules the user is permitted to control depending on the OEMs rules. The default seat location is `Driver`. Seat location can be updated by setting the `userLocation` property in the `SDLSetGlobalProperties` RPC and sending it.
```

The `grid` system starts with the top left seat being (0,0,0).  For example, assuming a United States vehicle, a `grid` of `col`=0, `row`=0 and `level`=0 would be the drivers' seat. A `col`=2, `row`=0 and `level`=0 would be referring to the front right passenger location, assuming the car has 3 columns. A negative `col` or `row` means it is outside the vehicle. The `colspan` and `rowspan` properties tell you how many rows and columns that module or seat takes up.

![Car](assets/Car.png)

| col=-1, row=-1  | col=0 | col=1 | col=2 |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| row=0 | driver's seat: {col=0, row=0, level=0, colspan=1, rowspan=1, levelspan=1} |   | front passenger's seat : {col=2, row=0, level=0, colspan=1, rowspan=1, levelspan=1}|
| row=1 | rear-left seat : {col=0, row=1, level=0, colspan=1, rowspan=1, levelspan=1}| rear-middle seat :  {col=1, row=1, level=0, colspan=1, rowspan=1, levelspan=1} | rear-right seat : {col=2, row=1, level=0, colspan=1, rowspan=1, levelspan=1} |

> @![iOS]

Reviewer: Move this Obj-C/Swift code example below the 3rd paragraph of this section above (ending in "This information can be very useful for creating a map or list for users to select from.")

Author: moved

##### Objective-C
```objc
[self.sdlManager.systemCapabilityManager subscribeToCapabilityType:SDLSystemCapabilityTypeSeatLocation withBlock:^(SDLSystemCapability * _Nonnull capability) {
    if (!capability) {
        return;
    }
    NSArray<SDLSeatLocation *> *seats = capability.seatLocationCapability.seats;
    <#Save Remote Capabilities#>
}];
```

##### Swift
```swift
sdlManager.systemCapabilityManager.subscribe(toCapabilityType: .seatLocation, with: { capability in
    guard let seats = capability.seatLocationCapability?.seats else { return }
    <#Save Remote Capabilities#>
})
```

> !@

Reviewer: TODOs for Java code are missing basically everywhere.

Author: added

> As noted above, when the user selects their seat, you should send an `SDLSetGlobalProperties` RPC and set the `userLocation` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As noted above, when the user selects their seat, you can send an `SDLSetGlobalProperties` RPC and set the `userLocation` property in order to set that user's location within the vehicle.
```

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
SDLSetGlobalProperties *seatLocation = [[SDLSetGlobalProperties alloc] init];
seatLocation.userLocation = <#Selected Seat#>;
[self.sdlManager sendRequest:seatLocation withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if(!response.success) { return; }
    <#Seat Data Updated#>
}];
```

##### Swift
```swift
let seatLocation = SDLSetGlobalProperties()
seatLocation.userLocation = <#Selected Seat#>;
sdlManager.send(request: setData, responseHandler: { (request, response, error) in
    guard response?.success.boolValue == true else { return }
    <#Seat Data Updated#>
})
```
!@

> ### Getting Remote Control Modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Getting Remote Control Module Information
```

> When connected to Core v6.0+ you will want to save the moduleID for future use. The `moduleID` is contained within `moduleInfo` in the remote control capability module on Core v6.0+. If Core is less then 6.0 you shoud still get remote control module data but you do not need to save the `moduleID`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step is to get the capabilities and information about each of the remote control modules.

When connected to Core v6.0+, you will want to save this information for future use. The `moduleID` contained within the `moduleInfo` struct on each capability when connected to a Core v6.0+ system is necessary to control that module. If connected to Core <6.0, you should still get remote control module data to know what properties are available.
```

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
[self.sdlManager.systemCapabilityManager subscribeToCapabilityType:SDLSystemCapabilityTypeRemoteControl withBlock:^(SDLSystemCapability * _Nonnull capability) {
    if(!capability.remoteControlCapability) { return; }
    <#Save Remote Capabilities#>
}];
```
##### Swift
```swift
sdlManager.systemCapabilityManager.subscribe(toCapabilityType: .remoteControl, with: { capability in
    guard (capability.remoteControlCapability != nil) else { return }
    <#Save Remote Capabilities#>
})

```
!@

> With the saved remote control capabilities struct you can build a UI to display modules to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Getting Module Data Location and Service Areas (6.0+ Only)
With the saved remote control capabilities struct you can build a UI to display modules to the user by getting the location of the module and the area that it services. This maps to the grid that you got in `Setting the User's Seat`.
```

!!! Note

> `ModuleID` is only required for Core v6.0+. Examples will be shown later in the documentation on how to use `moduleID`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This data is only available when connected to SDL 6.0+ systems. On previous systems, only one module per module type was available, so it's location didn't matter. You won't be able to build a custom UI for those cases and should use a generic UI instead.
```

!!!

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc

> NSString *selectedModuleID = <#SelectedModule#>.moduleInfo.moduleID;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Get the first climate module's information
SDLClimateControlCapabilities *firstClimateModule = <#Remote Control Capabilities#>.climateControlCapabilities.firstObject;

NSString *climateModuleID = firstClimateModule.moduleInfo.moduleID;
SDLGrid *climateModuleLocation = firstClimateModule.moduleInfo.location;
// And so forth
```

```

##### Swift
```swift

> let selectedModuleID = <#SelectedModule#>.moduleInfo?.moduleId

Reviewer: See above Obj-C example and match

Author: matched

```
!@

> ### Getting Consent to Control a Module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Getting Consent to Control a Module (6.0+ Only)
```

> This feature is only available for Core v6.0+. Some OEMs may wish to ask the driver for consent before a user can control a module. The `SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent` RPC will alert the driver for consent in some OEM head units if the module if not free (another user has control) and `allowMultipleAccess` (multiple users can access/set the data at the same time) is `true`. `allowMultipleAccess` is part of the `moduleInfo` in the module object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some OEMs may wish to ask the driver for consent before a user can control a module. The `SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent` RPC will alert the driver for consent in some OEM head units if the module if not free (another user has control) and `allowMultipleAccess` (multiple users can access/set the data at the same time) is `true`. `allowMultipleAccess` is part of the `moduleInfo` in the module object.
```

Check the `allowed` property in the `SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsentResponse` to see what modules can be controlled. Note the order of the `allowed` array is 1-1 with the `moduleIDs` array you passed into the `SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent` RPC.

!!! Note
You should always try to get consent before setting any module data. If consent is not granted you should not attempt to set any module's data.
!!!

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc

> SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent *getInteriorVehicleDataConsent = [[SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent alloc] initWithModuleType:@"<#ModuleType#>" moduleIds:@[@"<#ModuleID#>",@"<#ModuleID#>",@"<#ModuleID#>"]];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent *getInteriorVehicleDataConsent = [[SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent alloc] initWithModuleType:@"<#ModuleType#>" moduleIds:@[@"<#ModuleID#>", @"<#ModuleID#>", @"<#ModuleID#>"]];
```

[self.sdlManager sendRequest:getInteriorVehicleDataConsent withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if (!response.success) { return; }

>     <#Allowed is an arry of true or false values#>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <#Allowed is an array of true or false values#>
```

Reviewer: You're not converting the response to the `SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsentResponse` or getting the allowed array.

}];
```
##### Swift
```swift

> let getInteriorVehicleDataConsent =  SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent(moduleType: "<#ModuleType#>", moduleIds: ["<#ModuleID#>","<#ModuleID#>","<#ModuleID#>"])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
let getInteriorVehicleDataConsent =  SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent(moduleType: "<#ModuleType#>", moduleIds: ["<#ModuleID#>", "<#ModuleID#>", "<#ModuleID#>"])
```

> let getInteriorVehicleDataConsent =  SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent(moduleType: "<#ModuleType#>", moduleIds: ["<#ModuleID#>","<#ModuleID#>","<#ModuleID#>"])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
let getInteriorVehicleDataConsent =  SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent(moduleType: "<#ModuleType#>", moduleIds: ["<#ModuleID#>", "<#ModuleID#>", "<#ModuleID#>"])
```

sdlManager.send(request: getInteriorVehicleDataConsent , responseHandler: { (request, response, error) in
    guard let res = response as? SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsentResponse else { return }

>     let allowed = res.allowed as! [NSNumber]

Reviewer: You could also `map` these into `[Bool]`

Author: added

>     <#Allowed is an arry of true or false values#>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <#Allowed is an array of true or false values#>
```

})
```
!@

> ### Subscribing to Module Data 

Reviewer: Move above the getting consent section

Author: moved

> Seat location does not affect the ability to get data from a module. Once you know you have permission to use the remote control feature and you have the `moduleID`(s) (when connected to 6.0+ systems), you can retrieve the data for any module. The following code is an example of how to get data and subscirbe to a radio module. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seat location does not affect the ability to get data from a module. Once you know you have permission to use the remote control feature and you have `moduleID`(s) (when connected to 6.0+ systems), you can retrieve the data for any module. The following code is an example of how to subscribe to the data of a radio module. 
```

When connected to < 6.0 head units, there can only be one module for each module type (e.g. there can only be one climate module, light module, radio module, etc.), so you will not need to pass a module ID.

!!! NOTE

> Subscribing to the RPC must be done before sending the @![iOS]`SDLGetInteriorVehicleData`!@ @![android, javaSE, javaEE]`GetInteriorVehicleData`!@ request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subscribing to the `OnInteriorVehicleData` notification must be done before sending the @![iOS]`SDLGetInteriorVehicleData`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`GetInteriorVehicleData`!@ request.
```

!!!

> @![iOS]

Reviewer: I don't know what you're trying to do here or why you have 3 code examples for each language. You need to explain what the code examples are and what they're doing!

Author: The only thing I did was move out the `SDLGetInteriorVehicleData` RPC so I can break Pre/Post 6.0 into sections. I will explain it better so devs are not confused.

[self.sdlManager sendRequest:getInteriorVehicleData withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse *dataResponse = (SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse *)response;
    // This can now be used to retrieve data
    <#Code#>
}];
```

##### Swift
```swift
sdlManager.subscribe(to: .SDLDidReceiveInteriorVehicleData) { (message) in
    let onInteriorVehicleData = message as? SDLOnInteriorVehicleData else { return }

    // This block will now be called whenever vehicle data changes
    // NOTE: If you subscribe to multiple modules, all the data will be sent here. You will have to split it out based on `onInteriorVehicleData.moduleData.moduleType` yourself.
    <#Code#>
}
```
###### Pre Core v6.0
```swift
let getInteriorVehicleData = SDLGetInteriorVehicleData(andSubscribeToModuleType: .radio)
sdlManager.send(request: getInteriorVehicleData) { (req, res, err) in
    guard let response = res as? SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse else { return }
    // This can now be used to retrieve data
    <#Code#>
}
```
###### Core v6.0+
```swift

> let getInteriorVehicleData = SDLGetInteriorVehicleData(andSubscribeToModuleType: .radio, moudleID: "<#ModuleID#>")

Reviewer: Spelling of "module"

Author: fixed

```
!@

> ### Setting The User's Seat

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setting The User's Seat (6.0+ only)
```

> !!! NOTE

Reviewer: Remove this note

Author: removed

This section only applies when connected to SDL 6.0+ head units
!!!

The first step before attempting to set any module data is to have the user select their seat location. Seat location may affect which modules the user is permitted to control depending on the OEMs rules. The default seat location is `Driver`. Seat location can be updated by setting the `userLocation` property in the `SDLSetGlobalProperties` RPC and sending it.

In a real-life scenario, you may wish to show the user a map or list of all available seats in order to ask them where they are located. This example is only meant to show you how to access the available data, and not how to build your UI/UX. 

> An array of seats can be found in the `seatLocationCapability`s `seat` array. Each `SeatLocation` object within the `seats` array will have a `grid` struct. This struct will tell you the seat placement of that particular seat. This information can be very useful for creating a map or list for users to select from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An array of seats can be found in the `seatLocationCapability`'s `seat` array. Each `SeatLocation` object within the `seats` array will have a `grid` parameter. The `grid` will tell you the seat placement of that particular seat. This information can be very useful for creating a map or list for users to select from.
```

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
[self.sdlManager.systemCapabilityManager subscribeToCapabilityType:SDLSystemCapabilityTypeSeatLocation withBlock:^(SDLSystemCapability * _Nonnull capability) {
    if (!capability) { return; }
    NSArray<SDLSeatLocation *> *seats = capability.seatLocationCapability.seats;

>     <#Save Remote Capabilities#>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    <#Save Remote Capabilities#>
```

}];
```

##### Swift
```swift
sdlManager.systemCapabilityManager.subscribe(toCapabilityType: .seatLocation, with: { capability in
    guard let seats = capability.seatLocationCapability?.seats else { return }

>     <#Save Remote Capabilities#>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    <#Save Remote Capabilities#>
```

As noted above, when the user selects their seat, you can send an `SDLSetGlobalProperties` RPC and set the `userLocation` property in order to set that user's location within the vehicle.

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
SDLSetGlobalProperties *seatLocation = [[SDLSetGlobalProperties alloc] init];
seatLocation.userLocation = <#Selected Seat#>;
[self.sdlManager sendRequest:seatLocation withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if(!response.success) { return; }
    <#Seat Data Updated#>
}];
```

##### Swift
```swift
let seatLocation = SDLSetGlobalProperties()
seatLocation.userLocation = <#Selected Seat#>;
sdlManager.send(request: setData, responseHandler: { (request, response, error) in
    guard response?.success.boolValue == true else { return }
    <#Seat Data Updated#>
})
```
!@

@![java,javaEE,javaSE]
```
// ToDo - Add example
```
!@

### Getting Remote Control Module Information
The first step is to get the capabilities and information about each of the remote control modules.

> When connected to Core v6.0+, you will want to save this information for future use. The `moduleID` contained within the `moduleInfo` struct on each capability when connected to a Core v6.0+ system is necessary to control that module. If connected to Core <6.0, you should still get remote control module data to know what properties are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When connected to Core v6.0+, you will want to save this information for future use. The `moduleId` contained within the `moduleInfo` struct on each capability when connected to a Core v6.0+ system is necessary to control that module. If connected to Core <6.0, you should still get remote control module data to know what properties are available.
```

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
[self.sdlManager.systemCapabilityManager subscribeToCapabilityType:SDLSystemCapabilityTypeRemoteControl withBlock:^(SDLSystemCapability * _Nonnull capability) {
    if(!capability.remoteControlCapability) { return; }
    <#Save Remote Capabilities#>
}];
```
##### Swift
```swift
sdlManager.systemCapabilityManager.subscribe(toCapabilityType: .remoteControl, with: { capability in
    guard (capability.remoteControlCapability != nil) else { return }
    <#Save Remote Capabilities#>
})

```
!@

@![java,javaEE,javaSE]
```
// ToDo - Add example
```
!@

#### Getting Module Data Location and Service Areas (6.0+ Only)
With the saved remote control capabilities struct you can build a UI to display modules to the user by getting the location of the module and the area that it services. This maps to the grid that you got in `Setting the User's Seat`.

!!! Note

> This data is only available when connected to SDL 6.0+ systems. On previous systems, only one module per module type was available, so it's location didn't matter. You won't be able to build a custom UI for those cases and should use a generic UI instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This data is only available when connected to SDL 6.0+ systems. On previous systems, only one module per module type was available, so its location didn't matter. You won't be able to build a custom UI for those cases and should use a generic UI instead.
```

!!!

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
// Get the first climate module's information
SDLClimateControlCapabilities *firstClimateModule = <#Remote Control Capabilities#>.climateControlCapabilities.firstObject;

> NSString *climateModuleID = firstClimateModule.moduleInfo.moduleID;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NSString *climateModuleId = firstClimateModule.moduleInfo.moduleId;
```

SDLGrid *climateModuleLocation = firstClimateModule.moduleInfo.location;
// And so forth
```

##### Swift
```swift
// Get the first climate module's information
SDLClimateControlCapabilities *firstClimateModule = <#Remote Control Capabilities#>.climateControlCapabilities.first;

> let climateModuleID = firstClimateModule.moduleInfo.moduleID;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
let climateModuleId = firstClimateModule.moduleInfo.moduleId;
```

let climateModuleLocation = firstClimateModule.moduleInfo.location;
// And so forth
```
!@

@![java,javaEE,javaSE]
```
// ToDo - Add example
```
!@

### Subscribing to Module Data 

> Seat location does not affect the ability to get data from a module. Once you know you have permission to use the remote control feature and you have `moduleID`(s) (when connected to 6.0+ systems), you can retrieve the data for any module. The following code is an example of how to subscribe to the data of a radio module. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seat location does not affect the ability to get data from a module. Once you know you have permission to use the remote control feature and you have `moduleId`(s) (when connected to 6.0+ systems), you can retrieve the data for any module. The following code is an example of how to subscribe to the data of a radio module. 
```

!!! NOTE
Subscribing to the `OnInteriorVehicleData` notification must be done before sending the @![iOS]`SDLGetInteriorVehicleData`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`GetInteriorVehicleData`!@ request.
!!!

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
[self.sdlManager subscribeToRPC:SDLDidReceiveInteriorVehicleDataNotification withBlock:^(__kindof SDLRPCMessage * _Nonnull message) {
    SDLRPCNotificationNotification *dataNotification = (SDLRPCNotificationNotification *)note;
    SDLOnInteriorVehicleData *onInteriorVehicleData = (SDLOnInteriorVehicleData *)dataNotification.notification;
    if (onInteriorVehicleData == nil) { return; }

    // This block will now be called whenever vehicle data changes
    // NOTE: If you subscibe to multiple modules, all the data will be sent here. You will have to split it out based on `onInteriorVehicleData.moduleData.moduleType` yourself.
    <#Code#>
}];
```
After you subscribe to the `SDLDidReceiveInteriorVehicleDataNotification` you must also subscribe to the module you wish to receive updates for. Subscribing to a module will send a notification when that particular module is changed.

> ###### Pre-Core v6.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion

###### Pre-Core v6.0
```

```objc
SDLGetInteriorVehicleData *getInteriorVehicleData = [[SDLGetInteriorVehicleData alloc] initAndSubscribeToModuleType:SDLModuleTypeRadio];
[self.sdlManager sendRequest:getInteriorVehicleData withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse *dataResponse = (SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse *)response;
    // This can now be used to retrieve data
    <#Code#>
}];
```

> ###### Core v6.0+

Reviewer: ```suggestion

###### Core v6.0+
```

```objc
SDLGetInteriorVehicleData *getInteriorVehicleData = [[SDLGetInteriorVehicleData alloc] initAndSubscribeToModuleType:SDLModuleTypeRadio moduleId:@"<#ModuleID#>"];
[self.sdlManager sendRequest:getInteriorVehicleData withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse *dataResponse = (SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse *)response;
    // This can now be used to retrieve data
    <#Code#>
}];
```

##### Swift
```swift
sdlManager.subscribe(to: .SDLDidReceiveInteriorVehicleData) { (message) in
    let onInteriorVehicleData = message as? SDLOnInteriorVehicleData else { return }

    // This block will now be called whenever vehicle data changes
    // NOTE: If you subscribe to multiple modules, all the data will be sent here. You will have to split it out based on `onInteriorVehicleData.moduleData.moduleType` yourself.
    <#Code#>
}
```

> ###### Pre Core v6.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion

After you subscribe to the SDLDidReceiveInteriorVehicleDataNotification you must also subscribe to the module you wish to receive updates for. Subscribing to a module will send a notification when that particular module is changed.

###### Pre Core v6.0
```

```swift
let getInteriorVehicleData = SDLGetInteriorVehicleData(andSubscribeToModuleType: .radio)
sdlManager.send(request: getInteriorVehicleData) { (req, res, err) in
    guard let response = res as? SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse else { return }
    // This can now be used to retrieve data
    <#Code#>
}
```

> ###### Core v6.0+

Reviewer: ```suggestion

###### Core v6.0+
```

```swift

> let getInteriorVehicleData = SDLGetInteriorVehicleData(andSubscribeToModuleType: .radio, moduleID: "<#ModuleID#>")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
let getInteriorVehicleData = SDLGetInteriorVehicleData(andSubscribeToModuleType: .radio, moduleId: "<#ModuleID#>")
```

sdlManager.send(request: getInteriorVehicleData) { (req, res, err) in
    guard let response = res as? SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse else { return }
    // This can now be used to retrieve data
    <#Code#>
}
```
!@

@![android, javaSE, javaEE]
```java

> sdlManager.addOnRPCNotificationListener(FunctionID.ON_INTERIOR_VEHICLE_DATA, new OnRPCNotificationListener() {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// TODO: Update

sdlManager.addOnRPCNotificationListener(FunctionID.ON_INTERIOR_VEHICLE_DATA, new OnRPCNotificationListener() {
```

    <#Code#>
}];
```
###### With ModuleID
```objc
SDLGetInteriorVehicleData *getInteriorVehicleData = [[SDLGetInteriorVehicleData alloc] initAndSubscribeToModuleType:SDLModuleTypeRadio moduleId:@"<#ModuleID#>"]];
[self.sdlManager sendRequest:getInteriorVehicleData withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse *dataResponse = (SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse *)response;
    // This can now be used to retrieve data
    <#Code#>
}];
```
##### Swift

> ###### No ModuleID

Author: all of these have been updated

    <#Code#>
}
```
###### With ModuleID
```swift
let getInteriorVehicleData = SDLGetInteriorVehicleData(andSubscribeToModuleType: .radio, moudleID: "<#ModuleID#>")

> sdlManager.send(request: getInteriorVehicleData) { (req, res, err) in

Author: fixed

SDLModuleData *moduleData = [[SDLModuleData alloc] initWithClimateControlData:climateControlData];
SDLSetInteriorVehicleData *setInteriorVehicleData = [[SDLSetInteriorVehicleData alloc] initWithModuleData:moduleData];
[self.sdlManager sendRequest:setInteriorVehicleData];
```
###### With ModuleID
```objc
SDLTemperature *temperature = [[SDLTemperature alloc] initWithUnit:SDLTemperatureUnitFahrenheit value:74.1];
SDLClimateControlData *climateControlData = [[SDLClimateControlData alloc] initWithFanSpeed:@2 desiredTemperature:temperature acEnable:@YES circulateAirEnable:@NO autoModeEnable:@NO defrostZone:nil dualModeEnable:@NO acMaxEnable:@NO ventilationMode:SDLVentilationModeLower heatedSteeringWheelEnable:@YES heatedWindshieldEnable:@YES heatedRearWindowEnable:@YES heatedMirrorsEnable:@NO];
SDLModuleData *moduleData = [[SDLModuleData alloc] initWithClimateControlData:climateControlData];

> moduleData.moduleId = <#Module ID#>

Reviewer: This doesn't work pre-6.0?

Author: I thought anything with moduleID is a  6.0 and up feature

SDLSetInteriorVehicleData *setInteriorVehicleData = [[SDLSetInteriorVehicleData alloc] initWithModuleData:moduleData];

> [self.sdlManager sendRequest:setInteriorVehicleData];

Reviewer: All of our example code needs the `withResponseHandler` at least checking the success of the RPC.

Author: fixed

Reviewer: This was not fixed...

    SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse *dataResponse = (SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse *)response;
    // This can now be used to retrieve data
}];
```

##### Swift
###### RPC < v6.0
```swift
let getInteriorVehicleData = SDLGetInteriorVehicleData(moduleType: .radio)
sdlManager.send(request: getInteriorVehicleData) { (req, res, err) in
    guard let response = res as? SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse else { return }
    // This can now be used to retrieve data
    <#Code#>
}
```

###### RPC v6.0+
```objc
let getInteriorVehicleData =  SDLGetInteriorVehicleData(moduleType: .radio, moduleId: <#ModuleID#>)
sdlManager.send(request: getInteriorVehicleData) { (req, res, err) in
    guard let response = res as? SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse else { return }
    // This can now be used to retrieve data
    <#Code#>
}
```
!@

@![android, javaEE, javaSE]
```java
// ToDo - Add example
```
!@

### Setting Module Data

Not only do you have the ability to get data from these modules, but, if you have the right permissions, you can also set module data.

#### Getting Consent to Control a Module (RPC v6.0+)

> Some OEMs may wish to ask the driver for consent before a user can control a module. The @![iOS]`SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`GetInteriorVehicleDataConsent`!@ RPC will alert the driver for consent in some OEM head units if the module if not free (another user has control) and `allowMultipleAccess` (multiple users can access/set the data at the same time) is `true`. The `allowMultipleAccess` property is part of the `moduleInfo` in the module object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some OEMs may wish to ask the driver for consent before a user can control a module. The @![iOS]`SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`GetInteriorVehicleDataConsent`!@ RPC will alert the driver in some OEM head units if the module is not free (another user has control) and `allowMultipleAccess` (multiple users can access/set the data at the same time) is `true`. The `allowMultipleAccess` property is part of the `moduleInfo` in the module object.
```

Check the `allowed` property in the @![iOS]`SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsentResponse`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`GetInteriorVehicleDataConsentResponse`!@ to see what modules can be controlled. Note that the order of the `allowed` array is 1-1 with the `moduleIds` array you passed into the @![iOS]`SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`GetInteriorVehicleDataConsent`!@ RPC.

!!! Note
You should always try to get consent before setting any module data. If consent is not granted you should not attempt to set any module's data.
!!!

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent *getInteriorVehicleDataConsent = [[SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent alloc] initWithModuleType:<#ModuleType#> moduleIds:@[@"<#ModuleID#>", @"<#ModuleID#>", @"<#ModuleID#>"]];
[self.sdlManager sendRequest:getInteriorVehicleDataConsent withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if (!response.success) { return; }
    <#Allowed is an array of true or false values#>
}];
```
##### Swift
```swift

> let getInteriorVehicleDataConsent =  SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent(moduleType: <#ModuleType#>, moduleIds: ["<#ModuleID#>", "<#ModuleID#>", "<#ModuleID#>"])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
let getInteriorVehicleDataConsent = SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent(moduleType: <#ModuleType#>, moduleIds: ["<#ModuleID#>", "<#ModuleID#>", "<#ModuleID#>"])
```

sdlManager.send(request: getInteriorVehicleDataConsent , responseHandler: { (request, response, error) in
    guard let res = response as? SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsentResponse else { return }
    guard let allowed = res.allowed else { return }
    let boolAllowed = allowed.map ({ (bool) -> Bool in
        return bool.boolValue
    })

    <#boolAllowed is an array of true or false values#>
})
```
!@

@![android, javaEE, javaSE]
```java
// ToDo - Add example
```
!@

#### Controlling a Module
Below is an example of setting climate control data. It is likely that you will not need to set all the data as in the code example below. When connected to RPC 6.0+ systems, you must set the `moduleId` in @![iOS]`SDLSetInteriorVehicleData.moduleData`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`SetInteriorVehicleData.setModuleData`!@. When connected to < 6.0 systems, there is only one module per module type, so you must only pass the type of the module you wish to control.

> When you received module information above in **Getting Remote Control Module Information** on RPC v6.0+ systems, you received information on the `location` and `serviceArea` of the module. The permission area of a module depends on that `serviceArea`. The `location` of a module is like the `seats` array: it maps to the `grid` to tell you the physical location of a particular module. The `serviceArea` maps to the grid to show how far that module's scope reaches.

Reviewer 2: Looks like we can create anchor links to headers (https://github.com/smartdevicelink/sdl_markdown_spec#header-anchor) 

The **Getting Remote Control Module Information** section can be linked like so: 
[Getting Remote Control Module Information](#-getting-remote-control-module-information)

Reviewer: 🆗

!!! Note
You should always try to get consent before setting any module data. If consent is not granted you should not attempt to set any module's data.
!!!

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent *getInteriorVehicleDataConsent = [[SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent alloc] initWithModuleType:@"<#ModuleType#>" moduleIds:@[@"<#ModuleID#>", @"<#ModuleID#>", @"<#ModuleID#>"]];
[self.sdlManager sendRequest:getInteriorVehicleDataConsent withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if (!response.success) { return; }
    <#Allowed is an array of true or false values#>
}];
```
##### Swift
```swift
let getInteriorVehicleDataConsent =  SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent(moduleType: "<#ModuleType#>", moduleIds: ["<#ModuleID#>", "<#ModuleID#>", "<#ModuleID#>"])
sdlManager.send(request: getInteriorVehicleDataConsent , responseHandler: { (request, response, error) in
    guard let res = response as? SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsentResponse else { return }

>     let allowed = res.allowed as! [NSNumber]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    guard let allowed = res.allowed else { return }
```

    let boolAllowed = allowed.map ({ (bool) -> Bool in
        return bool.boolValue
    })

    <#boolAllowed is an array of true or false values#>
})
```
!@

@![android, javaEE, javaSE]
```java
// ToDo - Add example
```
!@

#### Controlling a Module

> Below is an example of setting climate control data. It is likely that you will not need to set all the data as in the code example below. When connected to 6.0+ system, you must set the `moduleId` in @![iOS]`SDLSetInteriorVehicleData.moduleData`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`SetInteriorVehicleData.setModuleData`!@. When connected to < 6.0 systems, there is only one module per module type, so you must only pass the type of the module you wish to control.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below is an example of setting climate control data. It is likely that you will not need to set all the data as in the code example below. When connected to RPC v6.0+ system, you must set the `moduleId` in @![iOS]`SDLSetInteriorVehicleData.moduleData`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`SetInteriorVehicleData.setModuleData`!@. When connected to < 6.0 systems, there is only one module per module type, so you must only pass the type of the module you wish to control.
```

> When you received module information above in "Getting Remote Control Module Information" on 6.0+ systems, you received information on the `location` and `serviceArea` of the module. The permission area of a module depends on that `serviceArea`. The `location` of a module is like the `seats` array: it maps to the `grid` to tell you the physical location of a particular module. The `serviceArea` maps to the grid to show how far that module's scope reaches.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you received module information above in **Getting Remote Control Module Information** on RPC v6.0+ systems, you received information on the `location` and `serviceArea` of the module. The permission area of a module depends on that `serviceArea`. The `location` of a module is like the `seats` array: it maps to the `grid` to tell you the physical location of a particular module. The `serviceArea` maps to the grid to show how far that module's scope reaches.
```

For example, a radio module usually serves all passengers in the vehicle, so its service area will likely cover the entirety of the vehicle grid, while a climate module may only cover a passenger area and not the driver or the back row. If a `serviceArea` is not included, it is assumed that the `serviceArea` is the same as the module's `location`. If neither is included, it is assumed that the `serviceArea` covers the whole area of the vehicle. If a user is not sitting within the `serviceArea`'s `grid`, they will not receive permission to control that module (attempting to set data will fail).

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
###### RPC < v6.0
```objc
SDLTemperature *temperature = [[SDLTemperature alloc] initWithUnit:SDLTemperatureUnitFahrenheit value:74.1];

> SDLClimateControlData *climateControlData = [[SDLClimateControlData alloc] initWithFanSpeed:@2 desiredTemperature:temperature acEnable:@YES circulateAirEnable:@NO autoModeEnable:@NO defrostZone:nil dualModeEnable:@NO acMaxEnable:@NO ventilationMode:SDLVentilationModeLower heatedSteeringWheelEnable:@YES heatedWindshieldEnable:@YES heatedRearWindowEnable:@YES heatedMirrorsEnable:@NO];

Reviewer 2: This `init` is deprecated.

SDLModuleData *moduleData = [[SDLModuleData alloc] initWithClimateControlData:climateControlData];
SDLSetInteriorVehicleData *setInteriorVehicleData = [[SDLSetInteriorVehicleData alloc] initWithModuleData:moduleData];
[self.sdlManager sendRequest:setInteriorVehicleData withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if(!response.success) { return; }
}];
```

###### RPC v6.0+
```objc
SDLTemperature *temperature = [[SDLTemperature alloc] initWithUnit:SDLTemperatureUnitFahrenheit value:74.1];
SDLClimateControlData *climateControlData = [[SDLClimateControlData alloc] initWithFanSpeed:@2 desiredTemperature:temperature acEnable:@YES circulateAirEnable:@NO autoModeEnable:@NO defrostZone:nil dualModeEnable:@NO acMaxEnable:@NO ventilationMode:SDLVentilationModeLower heatedSteeringWheelEnable:@YES heatedWindshieldEnable:@YES heatedRearWindowEnable:@YES heatedMirrorsEnable:@NO];
SDLModuleData *moduleData = [[SDLModuleData alloc] initWithClimateControlData:climateControlData];

> moduleData.moduleId = <#Module ID#>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
moduleData.moduleId = @"<#ModuleID#>";
```

SDLSetInteriorVehicleData *setInteriorVehicleData = [[SDLSetInteriorVehicleData alloc] initWithModuleData:moduleData];
[self.sdlManager sendRequest:setInteriorVehicleData withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if(!response.success) { return; }
}];
```

##### Swift
###### RPC < v6.0
```swift
let temperature = SDLTemperature(unit: .fahrenheit, value: 74.1)

> let climateControlData = SDLClimateControlData(fanSpeed: 2 as NSNumber, desiredTemperature: temperature, acEnable: true as NSNumber, circulateAirEnable: false as NSNumber, autoModeEnable: false as NSNumber, defrostZone: nil, dualModeEnable: false as NSNumber, acMaxEnable: false as NSNumber, ventilationMode: .lower, heatedSteeringWheelEnable: true as NSNumber, heatedWindshieldEnable: true as NSNumber, heatedRearWindowEnable: true as NSNumber, heatedMirrorsEnable: false as NSNumber)

Reviewer 2: This `init` is deprecated

let moduleData = SDLModuleData(climateControlData: climateControlData)
let setInteriorVehicleData = SDLSetInteriorVehicleData(moduleData: moduleData)

sdlManager.send(request: setInteriorVehicleData) { (request, response, error) in
    guard response?.success.boolValue == true else { return }
}
```

###### RPC v6.0+
```swift
let temperature = SDLTemperature(unit: .fahrenheit, value: 74.1)
let climateControlData = SDLClimateControlData(fanSpeed: 2 as NSNumber, desiredTemperature: temperature, acEnable: true as NSNumber, circulateAirEnable: false as NSNumber, autoModeEnable: false as NSNumber, defrostZone: nil, dualModeEnable: false as NSNumber, acMaxEnable: false as NSNumber, ventilationMode: .lower, heatedSteeringWheelEnable: true as NSNumber, heatedWindshieldEnable: true as NSNumber, heatedRearWindowEnable: true as NSNumber, heatedMirrorsEnable: false as NSNumber)
let moduleData = SDLModuleData(climateControlData: climateControlData)

> moduleData.moduleId = <#Module ID#>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
moduleData.moduleId = "<#ModuleID#>"
```

!@

> ### Setting Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setting Module Data
```

> Not only do you have the ability to get data from these modules, but, if you have the right permissions, you can also set module data. Below is an example of setting climate control data. It is likely that you will not need to set all the data as in the code example below. When connected to 6.0+ system, set the `moduleID` in a `SDLSetInteriorVehicleData` set the `moduleID` property on the `moduleData` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not only do you have the ability to get data from these modules, but, if you have the right permissions, you can also set module data. Below is an example of setting climate control data. It is likely that you will not need to set all the data as in the code example below. When connected to 6.0+ system, you must set the `moduleID` in `SDLSetInteriorVehicleData.moduleData`, while when connected to < 6.0 systems, there is only one module per module type, so you must only pass the type of the module you wish to control.
```

> The permission area of a module depends on the `serviceArea`s which can be found in `moduleInfo`. Each module will have its own `location` and `serviceArea`. The `location` of a module is like the `seats` array, it maps to the `grid` to tell you the physical location of a particular module. The `serviceArea` maps to the grid to show how far that module's scope reaches. For example, a radio control serves all passengers in the vehicle. Its service area will cover the entirety of the vehicle grid. If a `serviceArea` is not included, it is assumed that the `serviceArea` is the same as the module's `location`. If neither is included, it is assumed that the `serviceArea` covers the whole area of the vehicle. If a user is not sitting within the `serviceArea`'s `grid`, they will not be able to control that module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you received module information above in "Getting Module Data" on 6.0+ systems, you received information on the `location` and `serviceArea` of the module. The permission area of a module depends on that `serviceArea`. The `location` of a module is like the `seats` array, it maps to the `grid` to tell you the physical location of a particular module. The `serviceArea` maps to the grid to show how far that module's scope reaches. For example, a radio control serves all passengers in the vehicle, sot its service area will cover the entirety of the vehicle grid, while a climate module may only cover a passenger area and not the driver or the back row. If a `serviceArea` is not included, it is assumed that the `serviceArea` is the same as the module's `location`. If neither is included, it is assumed that the `serviceArea` covers the whole area of the vehicle. If a user is not sitting within the `serviceArea`'s `grid`, they will not receive permission to control that module (attempting to set data will fail).
```

Make sure my above comments are correct.

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C

> ###### Pre Core v6.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Pre-Core v6.0
```

```
!@

#### Getting One-Time data

> To simply get data for a module send a @![iOS]`SDLGetInteriorVehicleData`!@ @![android, javaSE, javaEE]`GetInteriorVehicleData`!@ request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get data from a module without subscribing send a @![iOS]`SDLGetInteriorVehicleData`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`GetInteriorVehicleData`!@ request with the `subscribe` flag set to `false`.
```

    guard let response = res as? SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse else { return }
    // This can now be used to retrieve data
    <#Code#>
}
```
###### Core v6.0+
```objc
let getInteriorVehicleData =  SDLGetInteriorVehicleData(moduleType: .radio, moduleId: <#ModuleID#>)
sdlManager.send(request: getInteriorVehicleData) { (req, res, err) in
    guard let response = res as? SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse else { return }
    // This can now be used to retrieve data
    <#Code#>
}
```
### Setting Module Data

!!! Note
When running Core v6.0+ you should always get consent before attempting to set module data.
!!!

Not only do you have the ability to get data from these modules, but, if you have the right permissions, you can also set module data. Below is an example of setting climate control data. It is likely that you will not need to set all the data as in the code example below. When connected to 6.0+ system, you must set the `moduleID` in `SDLSetInteriorVehicleData.moduleData`, while when connected to < 6.0 systems, there is only one module per module type, so you must only pass the type of the module you wish to control.

> When you received module information above in "Getting Module Data" on 6.0+ systems, you received information on the `location` and `serviceArea` of the module. The permission area of a module depends on that `serviceArea`. The `location` of a module is like the `seats` array, it maps to the `grid` to tell you the physical location of a particular module. The `serviceArea` maps to the grid to show how far that module's scope reaches. For example, a radio control serves all passengers in the vehicle, sot its service area will cover the entirety of the vehicle grid, while a climate module may only cover a passenger area and not the driver or the back row. If a `serviceArea` is not included, it is assumed that the `serviceArea` is the same as the module's `location`. If neither is included, it is assumed that the `serviceArea` covers the whole area of the vehicle. If a user is not sitting within the `serviceArea`'s `grid`, they will not receive permission to control that module (attempting to set data will fail).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you received module information above in "Getting Remote Control Module Information" on 6.0+ systems, you received information on the `location` and `serviceArea` of the module. The permission area of a module depends on that `serviceArea`. The `location` of a module is like the `seats` array: it maps to the `grid` to tell you the physical location of a particular module. The `serviceArea` maps to the grid to show how far that module's scope reaches.

For example, a radio control serves all passengers in the vehicle, so its service area will cover the entirety of the vehicle grid, while a climate module may only cover a passenger area and not the driver or the back row. If a `serviceArea` is not included, it is assumed that the `serviceArea` is the same as the module's `location`. If neither is included, it is assumed that the `serviceArea` covers the whole area of the vehicle. If a user is not sitting within the `serviceArea`'s `grid`, they will not receive permission to control that module (attempting to set data will fail).
```

    if(!response.success) { return; }
}];
```

###### Core v6.0+
```objc
SDLTemperature *temperature = [[SDLTemperature alloc] initWithUnit:SDLTemperatureUnitFahrenheit value:74.1];
SDLClimateControlData *climateControlData = [[SDLClimateControlData alloc] initWithFanSpeed:@2 desiredTemperature:temperature acEnable:@YES circulateAirEnable:@NO autoModeEnable:@NO defrostZone:nil dualModeEnable:@NO acMaxEnable:@NO ventilationMode:SDLVentilationModeLower heatedSteeringWheelEnable:@YES heatedWindshieldEnable:@YES heatedRearWindowEnable:@YES heatedMirrorsEnable:@NO];
SDLModuleData *moduleData = [[SDLModuleData alloc] initWithClimateControlData:climateControlData];
moduleData.moduleId = <#Module ID#>
SDLSetInteriorVehicleData *setInteriorVehicleData = [[SDLSetInteriorVehicleData alloc] initWithModuleData:moduleData];
[self.sdlManager sendRequest:setInteriorVehicleData withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if(!response.success) { return; }
}];
```

##### Swift

> ###### Pre Core v6.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Pre-Core v6.0
```

```
!@

@![java,javaEE,javaSE]
```
// ToDo - Add example
```
!@

### Getting Consent to Control a Module (6.0+ Only)
Some OEMs may wish to ask the driver for consent before a user can control a module. The `SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent` RPC will alert the driver for consent in some OEM head units if the module if not free (another user has control) and `allowMultipleAccess` (multiple users can access/set the data at the same time) is `true`. `allowMultipleAccess` is part of the `moduleInfo` in the module object.

> Check the `allowed` property in the `SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsentResponse` to see what modules can be controlled. Note the order of the `allowed` array is 1-1 with the `moduleIDs` array you passed into the `SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent` RPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the `allowed` property in the `SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsentResponse` to see what modules can be controlled. Note the order of the `allowed` array is 1-1 with the `moduleIds` array you passed into the `SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent` RPC.
```

!!!

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent *getInteriorVehicleDataConsent = [[SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent alloc] initWithModuleType:@"<#ModuleType#>" moduleIds:@[@"<#ModuleID#>", @"<#ModuleID#>", @"<#ModuleID#>"]];
[self.sdlManager sendRequest:getInteriorVehicleDataConsent withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if (!response.success) { return; }
    <#Allowed is an array of true or false values#>
}];
```
##### Swift
```swift
let getInteriorVehicleDataConsent =  SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent(moduleType: "<#ModuleType#>", moduleIds: ["<#ModuleID#>", "<#ModuleID#>", "<#ModuleID#>"])
sdlManager.send(request: getInteriorVehicleDataConsent , responseHandler: { (request, response, error) in
    guard let res = response as? SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsentResponse else { return }
    let allowed = res.allowed as! [NSNumber]
    let boolAllowed = allowed.map ({ (bool) -> Bool in
        return bool.boolValue
    })
    <#BoolAllowed is an array of true or false values#>
})
```
!@

@![java,javaEE,javaSE]
```
// ToDo - Add example
```
!@

> #### Getting One-Time data

Reviewer: This should not be a sub-section to Getting Consent

To get data from a module without subscribing send a @![iOS]`SDLGetInteriorVehicleData`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`GetInteriorVehicleData`!@ request with the `subscribe` flag set to `false`.

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C

> ###### Pre Core v6.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Pre-Core v6.0
```

```objc
SDLGetInteriorVehicleData *getInteriorVehicleData = [SDLGetInteriorVehicleData alloc] initWithModuleType:SDLModuleTypeRadio];
[self.sdlManager sendRequest:getInteriorVehicleData withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse *dataResponse = (SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse *)response;
    // This can now be used to retrieve data
}];
```
###### Core v6.0+
```objc
SDLGetInteriorVehicleData *getInteriorVehicleData = [SDLGetInteriorVehicleData alloc] initWithModuleType:SDLModuleTypeRadio moduleId:<#ModuleID#>];
[self.sdlManager sendRequest:getInteriorVehicleData withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse *dataResponse = (SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse *)response;
    // This can now be used to retrieve data
}];
```
##### Swift

> ###### Pre Core v6.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Pre-Core v6.0
```

```swift
let getInteriorVehicleData = SDLGetInteriorVehicleData(moduleType: .radio)
sdlManager.send(request: getInteriorVehicleData) { (req, res, err) in
    guard let response = res as? SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse else { return }
    // This can now be used to retrieve data
    <#Code#>
}
```
###### Core v6.0+
```objc
let getInteriorVehicleData =  SDLGetInteriorVehicleData(moduleType: .radio, moduleId: <#ModuleID#>)
sdlManager.send(request: getInteriorVehicleData) { (req, res, err) in
    guard let response = res as? SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse else { return }
    // This can now be used to retrieve data
    <#Code#>
}
```
!@

@![java,javaEE,javaSE]
```
// ToDo - Add example
```
!@

### Setting Module Data

!!! Note
When running Core v6.0+ you should always get consent before attempting to set module data.
!!!

> Not only do you have the ability to get data from these modules, but, if you have the right permissions, you can also set module data. Below is an example of setting climate control data. It is likely that you will not need to set all the data as in the code example below. When connected to 6.0+ system, you must set the `moduleID` in `SDLSetInteriorVehicleData.moduleData`, while when connected to < 6.0 systems, there is only one module per module type, so you must only pass the type of the module you wish to control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not only do you have the ability to get data from these modules, but, if you have the right permissions, you can also set module data. Below is an example of setting climate control data. It is likely that you will not need to set all the data as in the code example below. When connected to 6.0+ system, you must set the `moduleId` in `SDLSetInteriorVehicleData.moduleData`, while when connected to < 6.0 systems, there is only one module per module type, so you must only pass the type of the module you wish to control.
```

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
###### No ModuleID
```objc
SDLButtonPress *buttonPress = [[SDLButtonPress alloc] initWithButtonName:SDLButtonNameEject moduleType:SDLModuleTypeRadio];
buttonPress.buttonPressMode = SDLButtonPressModeShort;

[self.sdlManager sendRequest:buttonPress];
```

> ###### With ModuleID

Reviewer: ```suggestion

###### With ModuleID
```

See above

```objc
SDLButtonPress *buttonPress = [[SDLButtonPress alloc] initWithButtonName:SDLButtonNameEject moduleType:SDLModuleTypeRadio moduleId: @"<#ModuleID#>"];
buttonPress.buttonPressMode = SDLButtonPressModeShort;

[self.sdlManager sendRequest:buttonPress];
``` 

> ##### Swift

Reviewer: ```suggestion

##### Swift
```

###### No ModuleID
```swift
let buttonPress = SDLButtonPress(buttonName: .eject, moduleType: .radio)
buttonPress.buttonPressMode = .short

sdlManager.send(buttonPress)
```

> ###### With ModuleID

Reviewer: ```suggestion

###### With ModuleID
```

Reviewer: See above

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C

> ###### Pre Core v6.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Pre-Core v6.0
```

```objc
SDLButtonPress *buttonPress = [[SDLButtonPress alloc] initWithButtonName:SDLButtonNameEject moduleType:SDLModuleTypeRadio];
buttonPress.buttonPressMode = SDLButtonPressModeShort;

[self.sdlManager sendRequest:buttonPress];
```

###### Core v6.0+
```objc

> SDLButtonPress *buttonPress = [[SDLButtonPress alloc] initWithButtonName:SDLButtonNameEject moduleType:SDLModuleTypeRadio moduleId: @"<#ModuleID#>"];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDLButtonPress *buttonPress = [[SDLButtonPress alloc] initWithButtonName:SDLButtonNameEject moduleType:SDLModuleTypeRadio moduleId:@"<#ModuleID#>"];
```

```
!@

You should wrap any setting data RPC in the handler of the `SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent` request.

@![iOS]

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

##### Objective-C
```objc
[self.sdlManager sendRequest:[[SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent alloc] initWithModuleType:@"<#ModuleType#>" moduleIds:@[@"<#ModuleID#>"]] withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if (!response.success) { return; }
    SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsentResponse *res = (SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsentResponse *)response;
    if (!res.allowed[0].boolValue) { return; }
    <#Set Module Data#>
}];
```

> ##### Swift

Reviewer: ```suggestion

##### Swift
```

```
!@

> You should wrap any setting data RPC in the handler of the `SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent` request.

Reviewer: I'm confused why this is here. This has nothing to do with button presses and we've already discussed consent and setting data. Can you just put a NOTE in `Setting Module Data` that when connected to v6.0+ systems they should always get consent before attempting to set module data?

Author: deleted section and added a note to `Setting Module Data`

!!! Note
`SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent` is for Core v6.0+ only.
!!! 

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
[self.sdlManager sendRequest:[[SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent alloc] initWithModuleType:@"<#ModuleType#>" moduleIds:@[@"<#ModuleID#>"]] withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if (!response.success) { return; }
    SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsentResponse *res = (SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsentResponse *)response;
    if (!res.allowed[0].boolValue) { return; }
    <#Set Module Data#>
}];
```

##### Swift
```swift
sdlManager.send(request: SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsent(moduleType: "<#ModuleID#>", moduleIds: ["<#ModuleID#>"]), responseHandler: { (request, response, error) in
    guard let res = response as? SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataConsentResponse else { return }
    let allowed = res.allowed as! [NSNumber]
    if(allowed[0].boolValue) { return }
    <#Set Module Data#>
})
```
!@

> ### Subscribing to Changes

Reviewer: It's weird that this is down here instead of with `Getting Module Data` and it basically just duplicates information from there. Instead of `Getting Module Data`, you can change it to `Subscribing to Module Data` and add small sub-section in there on how to get one-time data.

    <#Code#>
}];

> // With MoudleID

Reviewer: See above

SDLGetInteriorVehicleData *getInteriorVehicleData = [[SDLGetInteriorVehicleData alloc] initAndSubscribeToModuleType:SDLModuleTypeRadio moduleId:@"<#ModuleID#>"];
[self.sdlManager sendRequest:getInteriorVehicleData withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse *dataResponse = (SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse *)response;
    // This can now be used to retrieve data
    <#Code#>
}];

> // Without ModuleID

Reviewer: See above

    <#Code#>
}

> // With MoudleID

Reviewer: Spelling, and see above

let getInteriorVehicleData = SDLGetInteriorVehicleData(andSubscribeToModuleType: .radio, moduleId: "<#ModuleID#>")
sdlManager.send(request: getInteriorVehicleData) { (req, res, err) in
    guard let response = res as? SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse else { return }
    // This can now be used to retrieve initialData data
    <#Code#>
}

// Without MoudleID
let getInteriorVehicleData = SDLGetInteriorVehicleData(andSubscribeToModuleType: .radio)
sdlManager.send(request: getInteriorVehicleData) { (req, res, err) in

> guard let response = res as? SDLGetInteriorVehicleDataResponse else { return }

Reviewer: Indentation

    if(!response.success) { return; }
}];
```

###### RPC v6.0+
```objc
SDLButtonPress *buttonPress = [[SDLButtonPress alloc] initWithButtonName:SDLButtonNameEject moduleType:SDLModuleTypeRadio moduleId:@"<#ModuleID#>"];
buttonPress.buttonPressMode = SDLButtonPressModeShort;

[self.sdlManager sendRequest:buttonPress withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if(!response.success) { return; }
}];
``` 

##### Swift
###### RPC < v6.0
```swift
let buttonPress = SDLButtonPress(buttonName: .eject, moduleType: .radio)
buttonPress.buttonPressMode = .short

sdlManager.send(request: buttonPress) { (request, response, error) in
    guard response?.success.boolValue == true else { return }
}
```

###### RPC v6.0+
```swift
let buttonPress = SDLButtonPress(buttonName: .eject, moduleType: .radio, moduleId: "<#ModuleID#>")
buttonPress.buttonPressMode = .short

sdlManager.send(request: buttonPress) { (request, response, error) in

>     guard response?.success.boolValue == true else { return }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    guard response.resultCode == .success else { return }
```

Reviewer: We should be checking `success`, not the `resultCode` (e.g. WARNING shouldn't fail it).

```
!@

### Releasing the Moudle

> When the user no longer needs control over a module, you should release the module so other users can control it. 

Reviewer: Only 6.0+

```
!@

> ### Releasing the Moudle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Releasing the Module
```

```
!@

@![java,javaEE,javaSE]
```java
// ToDo - Add example
```
!@

#### Releasing the Module (RPC v6.0+)

> When the user no longer needs control over a module, you should release the module so other users can control it. If you do not release the module, other users who would otherwise be able to control the module may be rejected from doing so.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the user no longer needs control over a module you should release the module so it can be used by other users. If you do not release the module, other users who have permission to control the module may be rejected when attempting to take control of the module.
```

Reviewer: I prefer the original wording and grammar.

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc

> SDLReleaseInteriorVehicleDataModule * releaseInteriorVehicleDataModule = [[SDLReleaseInteriorVehicleDataModule alloc] initWithModuleType:<#ModuleType#> moduleId:@"<#ModuleID#>"];

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SDLReleaseInteriorVehicleDataModule *releaseInteriorVehicleDataModule = [[SDLReleaseInteriorVehicleDataModule alloc] initWithModuleType:<#ModuleType#> moduleId:@"<#ModuleID#>"];
```

```
!@

### Releasing the Moudle
`SDLReleaseInteriorVehicleDataModule` is for Core v6.0+ only. When the user no longer needs control over a module, you should release the module so other users can control it. 

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc

> [self.sdlManager subscribeToRPC:[[SDLReleaseInteriorVehicleDataModule alloc] initWithModuleType:<#Module Type#> moduleId:@"<#Module ID#>"]];

Reviewer: Separate creating the RPC and sending it. ***Consistency!***

```

> ##### Swift

Reviewer: ```suggestion

##### Swift
```

```swift

> sdlManager.send(request: SDLReleaseInteriorVehicleDataModule(moduleType: <#Module Type#>, moduleId: "<#Module ID#>"))

Reviewer: Same as above.

```
!@

@![java,javaEE,javaSE]
```java
// ToDo - Add example
```
!@

> #### Releasing the Module (RPC 6.0+ only)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Releasing the Module (RPC v6.0+)
```

When the user no longer needs control over a module, you should release the module so other users can control it. If you do not release the module, other users who would otherwise be able to control the module may be rejected from doing so.

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc

> SDLReleaseInteriorVehicleDataModule * releaseInteriorVehicleDataModule = [[SDLReleaseInteriorVehicleDataModule alloc] initWithModuleType:<#Module Type#> moduleId:@"<#Module ID#>"]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SDLReleaseInteriorVehicleDataModule * releaseInteriorVehicleDataModule = [[SDLReleaseInteriorVehicleDataModule alloc] initWithModuleType:<#ModuleType#> moduleId:@"<#ModuleID#>"];
```

[self.sdlManager sendRequest:releaseInteriorVehicleDataModule withResponseHandler:^(__kindof SDLRPCRequest * _Nullable request, __kindof SDLRPCResponse * _Nullable response, NSError * _Nullable error) {
    if(!response.success) { return; }
    <#Module Was Released#>
}];
```

##### Swift
```swift

> let releaseInteriorVehicleDataModule = SDLReleaseInteriorVehicleDataModule(moduleType: <#Module Type#>, moduleId: "<#Module ID#>")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
let releaseInteriorVehicleDataModule = SDLReleaseInteriorVehicleDataModule(moduleType: <#ModuleType#>, moduleId: "<#ModuleID#>")
```

```
!@

@![java,javaEE,javaSE]
```
// ToDo - Add example
```
!@

> ### Releasing the Module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Releasing the Module (6.0+ only)
```

> `SDLReleaseInteriorVehicleDataModule` is for Core v6.0+ only. When the user no longer needs control over a module, you should release the module so other users can control it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the user no longer needs control over a module, you should release the module so other users can control it. 
```
